Revision of the content structure (#727)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-solution-components.rst

Wallet Instance Lifecycle Management Component
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Interacting with the Wallet Backend, this component MUST handle:

- Wallet Instance Registration (detailed in :ref:`wallet-instance-registration:Wallet Instance Initialization and Registration`).
- Wallet Attestation Issuance (detailed in :ref:`wallet-attestation-issuance:Wallet Attestation Issuance`).
- Status management (maintaining and updating validity).
- Revocation processes (implementing mechanisms to revoke Wallet Instances), according to Section :ref:`wallet-instance-revocation:Wallet Instance Revocation`.

Based on the status of the Wallet Instance and the User request, this component interact with the other Wallet Instance components. 

Issuer Component
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Following the `OpenID4VCI`_ specification and the implementation profile in Section :ref:`credential-issuance:Digital Credential Issuance`, this component MUST implement the Digital Credential issuance protocols and flows to request Digital Credentials to Credential Issuers.

Presentation Component
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Following the implementation profile in Section :ref:`credential-presentation:Digital Credential Presentation`, this component MUST implement remote flows based on `OpenID4VP`_ and proximity flow based on `ISO18013-5`_ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the implementation profile in Section :ref:`credential-presentation:Digital Credential Presentation`, this component MUST be compliant with remote flows based on `OpenID4VP`_ and proximity flow based on `ISO18013-5`_ .
```
